We have much to do.
I'm just going to jump right into the river that we're already in.
I don't have time to talk tonight.
There is a lot happening in the realm of the spirit.
I normally would talk to you all, but I will maybe do it afterwards.
I am pressed in my inner inside.
I feel the river; I've been in it all day interceding for this great nation.
I can give you parts of what I have heard.
I heard of a new modern D-Day.
For there is already an event that is being played out.
Things were called today.
Major decisions have been made today concerning a major event.
We must pray for America.
We must pray for what I'm hearing and what I'm seeing by the spirit of God.
This is very serious: a Pearl Harbor experience, a Red Dawn.
I'm telling you by the spirit of God, we must pray for this nation.
We must pray for our leaders and we must pray about surprise attacks, for there have been things said today in the spirit realm that are very serious.
I tell you this as a watchman, and you must pray.
There is an urgency like I've never felt before.
We're just going to jump right into this river that I have been in all day.
I told my son that I was not going to do a video because I've been praying.
I went over in the spirit, and I'm telling you by the spirit of God, even with what was found in Fort Worth, Texas—a man with explosive devices and all that has been uncovered today—we will have the victory in the name of Jesus.
There is a great shaking to awaken coming to this nation.
There is a great shaking to awaken coming to the world, ladies and gentlemen.
It's time for the body of Christ to realize the major urgency that is upon this church.
He said there's an urgency of the hour.
We stay in that seat.
Waking up at your feet.
We're there.
I see it again, Lord.
He was talking about the finances, the open doors, and the time to soar through them.
For great blessing I have in store.
Take every secret hidden thing and let it be revealed in our nation.
We come up to those doors.
Every time, I'm just sitting back in the seat and I just add your supply.
Pray with me, help me, and we'll push this over.
There are 2,200 of you right now.
Help me push this over.
This is a surprise.
Major decisions have been made.
I saw them communicating today and they're all there.
The mechanism has been flipped.
He kept talking about D-Day—a new D-Day.
I saw it, but he said it's from shore to shore, praying over this nation, praying over our president to have wisdom on what to do from the Red Dawn experience that is inside.
This is like a Trojan horse.
Do you understand?
America is too hard to come up to in a ship and attack.
We have the greatest military in the world.
But if you can infiltrate the inside, if you can poison the inside one at a time through an invasion that was designed by another party on purpose, an invasion...
they brought in a man that was senile.
He was senile, and they knew what they were doing.
You know how 2020 was stolen.
That's not right.
I'm telling you all by the spirit of God, you need to hear me.
Things happened over those four years, and the people came over, and I see them.
They're in here.
It's not an attack from the outside; it's something that's inside, and it will go out.
It's a poison that is within, a nation that is within waiting on orders to attack.
What were they told to do?
I hear the chatter today.
There's much in the spirit today.
As I was sitting and driving around, the Lord said, 'You must go into these certain areas, and I want you to pray.
' When we went over there, he was talking about awakening.
Tell the body to awake.
They're out of time.
They must know the urgency of the hour.
So many are cynical because they are so dry.
He kept talking about the hot and the cold.
He said, 'There's so many cold before me.
They're not even lukewarm; they're cold.
They don't know the signs of the times of where we are.
' That's the heart of the Father today—the urgency of the hour of the Red Dawn experience.
You're seeing little springs of it: the man in Fort Worth, the man in Washington D.
C.
They're springing up; they're here.
It's different when you come out of that and come here and you're pushing this many people.
It's a different realm for me, but I'm going to do it—grabbing hold of it and steering this thing with you all.
It's a lot easier when you're by yourself with your family and you're praying in the car, but there is a mantle I'm waiting on to hit me that is a different flow.
Father, I bind any witchcraft off of me; I bind it, and it goes back on them double.
We say in the name of Jesus, you won't hinder, harm, or delay.
We bind the demonic spirits who try to come against me today.
I take authority over you in the name of Jesus, and I bring you to naught.
Get out in Jesus' name!
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, I step into what God has called me to do.
People say, 'What is he talking about?
' It's none of your business.
They know who I'm talking to.
He warned me today, saying, 'You're going to see a lot of this darkness.
The people that kept yielding to it are just going to fall over dead.
They're going to fall over dead because they tried to hinder what's being said.
And those that try to hinder that which is being said will fall over dead because they will no longer be able to hinder.
They have opened the door so much that they are going to go.
Watch in the middle of the day; they'll just fall over dead.
You'll hear about it: What happened to so-and-so?
Well, they're gone.
Why?
They opened the door.
They kept playing with fire and didn't think they'd get burned.
' The Lord warned me about a lot of this today.
People didn't understand 1 Corinthians 5:5.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
There's so much corruption in the church.
He said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, as per 1 Corinthians 5:5, that they'll be turned over to Satan so that they don't go to hell.
There will be a shaking inside of them.
He doesn't desire for anybody to go to hell, so He hands them over.
It allows you to go through the pressure to save your soul.
You must think, 'Well, I've gotten away with so much so far,' but you won't.
So, Father, we yield to it.
Yes, I'm talking to you as you squeal like a little girl.
Is he talking to us?
Yes.
You know, a day of reckoning, days of judgment—a day of reckoning and judgment that will come quickly.
That will come on quickly; I hear him say, 'It will happen within a day.
' You say, 'Well, I'm...
' No, you're more of the devil than you are of him.
He doesn't know you.
I could see it so clear when I command that, and they pull me about and he's warning them: 'Get your heart right before him.
Get your heart right before him.
' For you're more of the world than you are of him.
It's time to be all in.
Oh, Father, I yield to it as a corporate anointing.
Rest.
It's so amazing how the vein shifted.
Honey is from in there and in here, and I'm trying to figure it out.
He said, 'Pray that when he goes like this and I step over this way, I'm warning y'all just like you.
' And this is a different vein.
But when you step out from there to here all day, it's so much different.
And I go, 'What is the difference?
What is the cloak that comes on here that is out there?
' I'm learning.
But it's like taking this and bringing that here—that travail over the nation—and it shifted.
I'm thankful it was heavy; I thought I was going to throw up.
That's how heavy it was.
It was the most intense all day long, and I told her, 'I feel nauseous.
' That's how heavy it is.
You just travail and travail, and then the moment I appear, it's like it's starting to lift up.
That was lifting off, and now I'm praying a different thing, and I go, 'What in the world?
' Praise God, though; I thank God for the freedom.
Thank you, Father, for your body.
We take the body, Father, in the name of Jesus, and we lift it up before you, and we just yield.
Thank you, Lord.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the prayers of the saints that we're all together; the army comes together and it's like the devil runs.
I'm telling you, Diana, when we join together, there's much unity with this.
There's much power with this.
That's what it is.
You can feel it when we come together.
It's like an army assembling, just like a covey of quail.
Thank you, Father.
Now, we just stir; the symphony's here, Lord.
And we pray over this nation like you had today.
And we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that Jesus Christ paid the price for the healings and the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory on our lives, Father, that we don't have to have sickness.
We don't have to have disease.
We don't have to have all the heaviness.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we walk in victory, for he is victorious.
And we take this, Father, in the name of Jesus, for we are more than conquerors through him that is in Christ Jesus.
And we take this body in Jesus' name, and we give you praise for it.
Lord, thank you for the blood.
And we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
And we thank you, Lord.
We cover us as we join up with you.
And we thank you, Lord, for the heaviness is lifting.
Thank you, Lord, that was what you showed me, God.
We don't have to take it by ourselves.
We have a family here, Father; we come and we're going to attack this thing.
And Lord, what you showed me all day, we bring it to the people.
There's freedom in Jesus.
There's a lot of seasoned prayer warriors here, and we're so grateful for all of them.
As I stood on the wall, it was overwhelming in the natural, Lord.
But we're so grateful for all that you said to us.
We're so grateful that, Father, we have the victory.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
Hallelujah.
I'm telling you all, it was amazing.
That's amazing, baby.
It was like this when I was seeing over, and the Lord was showing me what was coming.
I'm talking for those five or six hours of just travail.
And I was in there, and I said, 'I'm not doing this no more.
I've got to let's go and just do this with the family.
' And I was in there, and I was just trying to organize my vitamins, and I was praying in the spirit, and I was looking, and I stopped, and I was looking over again, and the Lord was allowing me to see the Red Dawn experience, and I said, 'Let's just take this to the people.
' And the moment I came on, it started like this.
It went like I got pulled out of it.
I don't know how else to describe it to you, but it's been on me all day.
Travail, travail.
Even on my little girl, she was praying.
She was praying so hard, and it was incredible, the travail that was coming out of Paisley over this nation, and it just stirred the travail praying over our nation.
And then all of a sudden, I come in here, and it's like you're walking up higher.
I don't know how else to describe it to you until you've experienced it.
So, I just keep praying into it because we have the troops.
It's amazing to me the place that God takes us, and we're growing.
Cultivate out of your belly.
Push.
Then he's talking about the finances.
Push, push, push.
There's more that I have in store.
There's great days of open doors, for this is the time to soar.
This is the time for great acceleration.
And he was calling it out in the money for the body of Christ.
We're calling it in.
He said, 'Drive in the best neighborhoods in Tulsa.
Drive up and call it in.
' Okay, I see it.
I see Hawaii.
Hallelujah, Hawaii.
I see on the strip a major plan is being plotted.
He wants to go through with it.
He doesn't want to go.
He doesn't want to die.
He likes where he's at, but he's being pushed to react.
It's by the shops, it's by the beautiful mall, where all the high-end retail is.
I see Gucci.
It's a rich area.
Now it's about to race.
I feel it.
No, stay on the watch.
Now I'm in Orlando.
Did you hear?
Flow.
They want to bring fear.
It's still around the mouse.
It's being instilled around the mouse to bring fear to what people have near.
It's like it's dear to them.
I see it's the mouse.
It represents freedom, tourism, vacation, just relaxation.
But to bring fear in the heart of people today, and I'm looking right into it.
They're devising a plan with badges to infiltrate the security, to infiltrate the staff, to infiltrate inside.
I see Asians walking around.
I see Asian families.
I see the ears on them.
I see the rides.
It's around Tron.
The theme park; it's with the security team, people that are scanning people.
It's the people that are hired to protect.
They're looking for an Arab, but this is not.
They're looking for somebody who is Arab, but it is not.
Not all terrorists are Arabs.
That's what I just heard the Lord say.
You're looking only for Arabs, but it's an infiltration from somebody who is not.
This is not an Arab, but it's somebody of Muslim faith.
Just because they don't have dark skin, don't look to the stereotype.
Don't look for what's about to happen based on stereotypes.
It's the biggest deception within stereotypes.
You are looking only at dark skin; it's stupid.
You must come up higher.
This is it.
It's darker.
The plan is darker.
Mecca, Mecca, Mecca.
Hear the word Mecca.
More in Chicago, even around Ramadan.
There is a lie about the Haram, the mountain.
He's talking to the United States government.
Don't stereotype in this.
Look to the others.
There is a plan with people you do not expect.
Look deeper at the rats in your own government.
The Lord says, 'Look deeper.
' It's right in front of your face, but it's deep.
They've infiltrated at all levels.
Say this: In your malls, a major plan, bigger than you understand.
They're trying to cover their tracks.
He says they're shredding.
It's on a mainframe of a computer.
They're trying to do what Hillary did.
Every step they take, they've been strategic.
I see them shredding evidence; it's like a whitewashing of the computers everywhere they go.
But they've infiltrated in the least likely areas you expect.
Everybody's always looking for the people with the hat on and the big beard who walk in and have jihad.
But the Lord said, 'Look deeper.
It's right in front of your face.
' Even in the NSA.
He said, 'Even in your NSA.
' What's interesting is the French government is cooperating with them.
And the Canadian government is cooperating with them.
There's no resistance.
If there's no resistance, there's no reason to react.
An attack is to bring Sharia law, to bring in their way.
And if there's no resistance, there's no reason to try to attack.
But it's to come against the resistance.
They want to infiltrate the resistance.
You don't attack those that are buddies with you.
He's talking about Canada and things happening in France.
Not everyone agrees with Macron.
That's the problem.
There's a resistance against what Macron wants to do.
He's talking about the auditoriums and churches.
He said, 'The multilingual.
' Every plan of attack against our churches, we say in the name of Jesus at Lakewood, 'You uncover.
' It's like they're volunteering.
Heresy.
Hesitation.
He's going to bring restitution.
Many will know.
Motion.
It's a major shaking in the churches.
He is displeased with the taste that he tastes.
The Lord is displeased with the smell that he smells.
'A shaking in my churches.
I'm displeased.
' And then he used the word 'heresy.
' They think they're on the right road with me, but they've been far away for a long time.
They've deviated off the path that I have for thee.
The further they go, they can't see; they're not close enough to the line to see it anymore.
If they go back and correct it, but some of them are so far off, it's going to take great correction.
There's great correction coming.
Many will see a humbling.
I'm not picking on anybody.
He just corrected me: 'You say what I say.
' I repent, Lord.
There's a shaking in the churches and you will see a great breaking, and they will come to their knees, for there is heresy.
It's a stench before him each day.
True repentance is to turn away.
It's messy.
You're going to see that even in the highest places in the land, even on TV.
Tell them, 'If you're a friend of the world, you're not a friend of me.
' You've clung to the world and you've not clung to me.
If you cling to the world, you don't cling to me.
'Depart from me, I never knew you.
' For there are many walking in heresy.
Just because you tried to walk with the president, just because you walk with these people...
it's messy.
He says it is messy unto him.
It's gross.
Too much pride, and I resist the proud.
Humble yourself unto me.
In due time, I said I would exalt you.
But there has not been time for many of them; they've exalted themselves.
And he is angry about this.
I hear his voice; he is trembling with the fear of God.
'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
' The fear of the Lord, reverence, holiness, and purity must return to my church.
You don't even know the difference between the church and the world today.
He said, 'Yet you say you're of me and you're my church.
' This is in the purest of circles that you think you see, for there is great heresy and a great shaking coming to them.
Even in the circles you think you know, remember this: I see them.
Even in the ones that try to pretend they're the purest of me, their hearts are far from me.
You don't have to yank on a horse's mouth hard to pull it off whenever it is in order.
You don't have to yank on the bridle of a horse's mouth to make it have great correction.
Great correction, if you yank it hard, is too much if the horse is in line with you; it just takes a little bit to guide it.
But when a horse is rebellious, off track, and bucking around, it takes much strength.
However, when you're on track with me, it doesn't take much correction; you barely have to pull it.
He said, 'I see it.
You barely have to pull it and you go right on track.
' It doesn't take much to guide a broken horse.
But when you are not broken, pliable, or ready, I see the horse and he guides it.
You are like that horse; he's on it.
He said, 'It barely takes a little tug, son, to stay on track.
Move to the left; move to the right.
Follow what I tell you to do.
You're in sync with me and I'm in sync with you.
' A horse that is broken is easily moved, but a horse that is rebellious takes much to break.
He longs for you to have a relationship with him each day.
He says, 'You've grieved the heart of the Father.
He's provided so much for you, but you've grieved the heart of the Father.
' Oh Father, we repent.
Forgive them, Father; forgive me, Lord.
We come closer to you.
You're such a good God.
We repent, Lord.
He says, 'You say you want the revival and the glory, but you have so much of the world in you.
Separate yourself unto me and you will see the great glory.
' There's a remnant of you that has done just this; you've separated yourself unto me and you're ready for the glory.
But you are few.
He said it reminds him of when Moses came down off the mountain and the children of Israel were acting in rebellion.
They built a calf and did things in rebellion unto me.
But I will use the remnant.
There are great days to come.
He's sending his angel armies and there will be a great revival in the churches that allow him to flow.
But there will be a great shaking.
I see Asia and South Korea again.
Great persecution.
He's ready to turn the page to a new chapter; he's out of time.
He's saying that he's going to remove people who have exalted themselves and he will humble them, and he will exalt the humble ones who have been broken like that.
It's not a quick process; it's the day-to-day.
So many call him 'Lord, Lord,' but he doesn't know them.
You say, 'Lord, Lord,' and he says, 'I've done this and that,' but he doesn't know you.
It's not about what you do or your works—fasting, praying, helping, giving, or volunteering.
It's not about that; it's a heart, a fragrance, and worship.
He looks at the heart.
'For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward him.
' That's what he says.
Now he's referencing the people in Jeremiah.
He's talking about the prophets who stood and spoke what the itching ears wanted to hear.
He said, 'There are many of them upon your land now.
I warned you that in the end times there will be many false prophets.
They are speaking itching-ear words and they are not of me.
' That's what he just said.
'They're not of me, and there are many upon your land.
' They give a good word, but they sway this way and that way.
This is what I see in the spirit realm—it's like twigs.
You sway with what he says one day and you sway over here because you want to draw close to the people because it's about finances to them—money, money, money.
But you've got to have a word from the Lord.
They try to speak for him and they sway to the people to get the money.
Jeremiah—that's what he's talking about.
You're people pleasers.
He said they've been castrated by the world.
Many false prophets will rise in the day and you're seeing it all around you.
Church, wake up!
Have greater discernment in whom you're listening to.
That's what the Lord just said.
Stay humble before me like David, for I look at the heart, not at the outward.
I look at the heart, not the tall like Saul—head and shoulders above the rest.
The world looks at the outward; I look at the inward and I'll take the foolish things of the world to confound the wise.
Don't be moved by their size or what they look like on the outside.
Flow with the Holy Ghost and my presence.
There are great people whom you do not know who are about to come up to the forefront.
They may not be the prettiest or the richest, but they have poise; they are people who are like the broken horse.
And he said, 'I can use that, Brandon.
It's the horse—the warhorse.
Pressure—you're built for pressure.
You're the closers.
' I feel the Holy Ghost and fire all over me.
And you will walk with great signs and wonders; they will know you by your fruit.
True prophetic, true ministers of me—they'll know you by your fruit.
There will be a great line; he drew a line in the sand.
'Who is on my side?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who is really truly with me?
' he says.
'For I have drawn the line.
There's no more playing church, for the cup is full before me and time is short.
The Hollywood celebrity is over.
I will not share my glory with any of them.
I am done.
' He's talking about preachers.
I see faces and I'm not going to say their names.
He said, "I'm done.
I'm not going to share my glory with anybody.
The ones that have attracted to deflect, the ones that stay vertical.
I see people of great financial blessing that he's just using to bring forth the harvest.
You are a funnel.
There'll be a funnel.
They'll just flow.
I see it like this.
It's like a big funnel and the money just flows through them.
That means you're not damming it.
We're out of time.
It's like when he said, 'I'm sowing my grace.
' Do you understand?
Jesus Christ is coming.
There will not be a generation that tastes death.
That's what I'm talking about.
We're not going to taste it.
There is a generation.
Do you understand how close?
That's what he said.
The urgency of the hour.
I'm calling the people to wake up.
I sure love you, Father.
Whatever we can do to help, we will help you.
It grieved me so when I could see it.
But America, you have turned your back upon me.
Many of them—there's a remnant of you who have not—but for the majority, you have turned your back upon me.
And a great shaking in your land you will see, bringing you back to the heart of me.
" That's what he just said.
Well, I was stirring.
I could see a shaking in the land.
People say, "What is the word for 2026?
" This is the word.
Many will say a lot of things.
Test the words.
Test the spirits, church.
Test it.
He said, "Test it.
" I've told you to test it.
They're not testing it.
He said, "You're not testing the words.
You're not weighing them.
You're not doing what I told you to do.
" And many of you are being swayed the wrong way.
Test the words each day.
When a prophet says he's a prophet, test the word.
Judge it inside yourself.
If it doesn't flow with the peace inside of you, run from it.
But some of you don't even hear him enough on your own.
You must draw close to him, to his throne.
Some of you have no business—you don't even know what you're judging.
You must come up higher in your prayer life with him.
You must come up higher in reading the word and finding out about him.
Read this Bible.
Quit doing what you're doing.
If this is your Bible, finding this first, you're wrong.
This must become first and then add this as a supplement.
Come up higher in your prayer life with him.
There's too many people that are being swayed right and left.
Who's right?
Who's not?
Who's this?
You don't hear them for yourself.
He said, "My sheep will know my voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
" But he said, "My sheep, are you my sheep?
" That's what he just said.
"Are you my sheep?
Do you qualify?
" He just said, "Do you qualify?
Are you mine?
" Many say they are mine, but they are not mine.
"My sheep will hear my voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
" Do you qualify?
Are you sold out to him?
Does he have all of you?
He says he must have all of you, not just part of you.
That's who is truly his.
And they don't just visit, they abide.
"If ye abide in me"—that's what he just said.
Well, that's good, Lord.
I like that.
"If ye abide in me and my words remain in you," he said there's qualifications for this.
You must abide.
That's what he just said.
I love it.
"If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be done.
" But there's qualifications for it.
"My sheep, my sheep hear my voice.
" Qualification.
Qualification.
"If ye abide, do you abide in me?
Do I have all of you?
Are you sold out to me?
" You don't just visit.
You live there.
It's everything you have.
Do you understand?
Lord, many people just take the word and they don't apply what they read.
It goes in one ear and out the other.
They only take partial truth.
They take partial scripture and they apply part of it.
"I'll hear your voice and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
" No, no, no.
My sheep will.
"If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you should ask what you will.
" They say, "Well, I'm asking.
Why don't you hear what I'm asking for?
Why don't you give it to me?
" Because there's qualifications to it.
That's what he just says.
It becomes a stench before him that you think you qualify for something that you don't participate in.
There's many so-called prophetic voices that have not abided in me for a long time.
They had a platform at one time and their influence has trickled because they can't maintain it.
It's something that I give as grace to you.
You understand it?
It's not you.
He said Saul did the same thing: "Walk with me so that the people will believe that I still got it.
" But I departed.
The glory has departed.
That's why he called it an Ichabod.
He said the glory has departed.
It's an Ichabod.
And there's many ministers that you see on the platforms, even with TV stations, that have departed.
The glory has departed, son.
That's what he just said.
"And I'll raise up new TV stations.
I'll raise up new voices.
I'll raise up new things.
" And they'll happen seemingly overnight, or so you'll think.
But it's been a cultivation inside of them with seeds where the roots grow deep down so that I didn't have to deal with this nonsense, and the fruit will be displayed greatly and it will grow greatly like the bamboo, and it will happen quickly.
But it was first a cultivation of a seed down inside of you.
Roots.
I see the roots.
The seeds grow in great roots.
Cultivation, acceleration.
But you have to cultivate before you accelerate.
The seeds must go down for the greater fruit.
But you will not go to the greater level until you cultivate the root down.
And the cultivation for the acceleration is what you're going to see.
It's not preparing me.
It's cultivation, acceleration.
Welcome to the next level.
Thank you.
There's many hearts that are not for me.
But get ready for the greater glory, Diana.
That's what he just said to us.
"And I will accelerate and I will bless you and I'll increase in you because you've been faithful to me.
And I'll work through you and the greater glory will be manifested on you and the fire will flow through you because you are mine and I am yours.
And you will go up to the greater atmosphere, like I see you go to the stratosphere there for an acceleration and a cultivation.
You have let me be, and now it's time to accelerate thee.
" That was neat.
I'll tell you later.
For now, you walk in the divine manifestations of the glory that will flow, and healing will come through your hands, and people will surely know that I am the God that flows through you.
And if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to him through you.
To attract, to deflect.
That's what he's saying.
It's not about you.
It's a flow.
They come and you bring them to the Son.
It's the mirror.
You understand what he's saying?
It's not that we decrease; he increases.
Draw all men to him.
To draw all men to him.
To bring the people to him.
To keep bringing the glory to him.
He won't share it with nobody.
That's amazing.
I get excited about it, Father.
I get so excited about what you just said.
Let's do this.
Thank you, Lord.
For these will be days of great fun, and the fun I've told you has just begun.
Looking out for the coming of my son.
I've commissioned many, many of you to come up higher and let me work through you.
So, you heard what he said.
That's exciting.
I'm excited about it.
The first of the word was hard, but that last little bit is nice.
This is what we do at our house when he talks.
Diana writes and Braden takes note.
And we don't do this in public, but he wanted to today.
Isn't that interesting?
But that's the way he talks and we write it down.
And that's what flows out of me.
I hear it so clear, and you could take it to the bank.
It's right.
It's clear.
The Holy Ghost, he comes on me like fire.
He said, 'Start writing this down.
Confidence!
Carry this.
Carry this!
Confidence in me, confidence in my word, and you will see the greater glory manifested in thee.
' Glory to God.
I feel his presence so strong.
Does it come through the camera?
Does his presence come through the camera?
I always wonder sometimes.
I feel it so strong in our house.
I forgot they were still there.
See the glory.
See the glory come down.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord who was and is and is to come.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Glory, glory, for he is good and his mercy endures forever.
If you're here tonight and you don't know my friend, you must know him and become born again.
If you do not know Jesus, you must know Jesus.
You're running out of time.
It's time to quit playing church today.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, or you may be here and you're just living a compromising life and you're one of the ones he's talking to.
No one comes to the father unless he draws them.
But tonight you feel, 'Tonight I want to make a change.
' Tonight you say, 'Braden, I don't want to be left.
I don't want to do all that has been said.
I want to repent and come back to the father tonight.
I want a fresh start.
I want to come to Jesus.
Please pray for me.
' If that is you and this is stirring inside of you and you're here and you say, 'I just need to come back to Jesus.
I don't want any compromise in me.
Am I his?
Do I qualify?
' I want to make sure that I qualify.
I don't want to just visit; I want to live there.
And tonight is your night to come back to him.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
If you're here tonight and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, 'I need to be born again.
I need to sell out to him.
' Come unto him all ye that are heavy laden, and he said he'd give you rest.
It's time to come back to Jesus.
He loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
But you must turn from what you're doing.
You must turn away from your sin.
You must repent and turn away from it.
That means to leave it.
Don't be double-minded.
Don't be double-standard.
You must know Jesus Christ and make him Lord of your life.
And if you're here tonight, you say, 'Brandon, that's me.
I want to come back to the father.
' You're like the prodigal.
You don't even realize how lukewarm you are; you're Lot and you're in Sodom and Gomorrah.
You don't even realize judgment's coming.
Abraham's on the hill interceding for you: 'Hey, you got to get them out of there!
Lord, send angels!
' And the Lord, just out of grace, sent the angels to get Lot and his family out of there.
But Sodom and Gomorrah was so much inside of his wife; she looked back and turned to a pillar of salt.
Is the world inside of you?
Are you looking back over your shoulder flirting with the world?
Are you sold out to him?
You either keep your eyes on him or you're going to be a pillar of salt soon.
You must turn from this or you will burn.
Most of you think, 'Well, I'm still flirting with the world.
I'm still looking at the world.
' Ask Lot's wife how that turned out for her.
Sell out to Jesus tonight.
Come to him.
It's not promised tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen.
No one is promised tomorrow.
You must be born again.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
My sheep hear my voice.
Are you one of his?
And tonight, I want to say a prayer with you.
I want you to get on the right track, yanking that horse bridle over and saying, 'Listen, I'm sold out to Jesus tonight.
' If you're watching this right now, I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to come back to Jesus.
I want to sell out to him.
I don't want to keep going down this road the wrong way.
Tonight's my night.
' But I want you to be bold in your decision tonight.
And if you're here tonight and you want to say that prayer with us, we're going to say it.
But I'll give you a couple seconds to make your decision if you're selling out to him.
One, two, three.
Make your decision.
Tonight's your night.
All to him I surrender.
All to him I freely give.
Tonight I sell out to Jesus.
Tonight I'm coming home.
All right, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
And if you confess Jesus, it says if you confess him, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
But you must mean it with your heart; with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
We're going to say it right now.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Tonight, I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, Lord, and make me new.
Cleanse me.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I thank you, Lord, that you're accepting me back.
You said you'd never leave me and you'd never forsake me.
Lord, I'm the one that left you and I went back to the world.
But tonight, Lord, I make my decision and I'm sold out to you.
I thank you that I am yours and you are mine.
And I belong to you, Lord, and I'll serve you from this day forward with all that I have.
I've sold out to you in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, today is a brand new start for you.
So get plugged back into church.
Get radical with Jesus.
He's coming, church.
Jesus is coming, church.
And it's time to come back to him.
It's time to get radical for Jesus.
It's time to be on fire for Jesus.
It's no time to be lukewarm.
It's not time to be cold.
It's time to be on fire for Jesus.
So, if you don't have a Bible and you need a Bible, you can go down in the description down below.
There's an email address in there.
Sixty-seven people came back to Jesus tonight.
Welcome home.
Welcome back to the church, folks.
Welcome!
We're so excited that you made your decision tonight to come back to Jesus.
You're just like the prodigal son.
The father's ready to kill the fatted calf.
He has a brand new robe for you.
Welcome home.
Well, praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
If you need that Bible, we'd love to give you a Bible for free.
We want to celebrate your decision tonight.
Go down in the description down below, say, 'Hey, I just got born again.
I would like my Bible.
' We give you a free Bible.
We want to celebrate your decision tonight to ask Jesus as your Lord and personal savior.
And we're excited you're here.
We're excited you're here.
Please like, subscribe, be a part of our prayer channel.
Come back and be a part of this.
I believe God's doing more and more and more.
There's great days in store for what God has for us.
Amen and amen.
So, all 67 of you, welcome.
That's exciting!
Hallelujah.
I don't know where to go with this.
All glory to Jesus.
All to You I humbly give.
I surrender all to Thee, my blessed Savior.
I surrender my life, Lord.
I surrender my heart, Lord.
Take all of me, for we surrender all to You, our blessed Savior.
Thank you, Father.
We are surrendered.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
We're so grateful that He would visit us tonight.
We're so grateful for His words and His presence.
I thank You, Lord, that You visit me.
Lord, we give You praise.
Praise the Lord.
I tell you, I feel this anointing on me so strong, I feel like I can barely move.
I don't think I can get up.
I'm so grateful for the glory and His presence.
We honor You, Lord.
We magnify You and we lift up Your wonderful name.
He said, 'I'm bringing a refreshing on those that are weary and ready to give up.
' He said, 'They're weary, Brandon.
There are good people there.
Their hearts are just weary.
They've become weary in well-doing, but He wants to bring a refreshing to you tonight.
' That's what He just said to me.
He said, 'Brandon, I want to bring a refreshing to the ones that are weary and well-doing.
You've been in ministry and you're fighting a good fight, but your lamp is just leaking a little bit.
But you have to be filled.
You're not far from Him by no means.
You're just dry and you need a fresh touch.
You just need a fresh drink.
' And He said, 'Come unto me.
' He said He would give you rest.
Take a fresh drink of the Holy Ghost tonight.
Be refreshed because out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
All you that are heavy laden, it's time to come home.
It's time to get a fresh touch from the Master.
We've got to finish strong.
We have a lot of work to do.
He's not mad at you.
You just poured out and haven't filled back up again.
You just have to come unto Him.
A fresh touch of living water tonight for His sons and His daughters.
Lord, we thank You.
Glory to God!
Being a believer is fun.
It's fun to work for Him.
It's fun to be with you in the overflow.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
I don't know what to do with it, love.
Do you have anything?
I sing praises to Your name, oh Lord, for Your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Jesus.
In Him we move and have our being.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
The blood that never loses its power.
I don't know what to do with it, y'all.
I know that the Holy Spirit—I don't like to be disrespectful of what I feel, so I always just honor Him when He visits us like this.
I just go, 'Okay, Father, we're so grateful for all that You have.
' Lord, is there anything else that You want?
Is there anything else that I can help with during this time that we've given You tonight?
Can we help You with anything?
We're vessels here on this earth.
Is there anything we can expose?
Lord, I thank You.
We call every single one of you healed in the name of Jesus, from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
A revelation of how much He loves thee.
Glory to His name for all that He's done.
Healed, whole, and well.
No more sickness, no more disease.
Every single one of your marriages is restored.
There's a fresh love, a fresh presence, and fresh glory on your marriages, your lives, your children, your grandchildren, and your great-grandchildren.
Father, we call for blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor in the name of Jesus.
Healing, wholeness, and wellness over them.
We give You praise, glory, and honor.
Hallelujah.
Well, I guess that's it.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Thank you for being a part of our prayer channel.
God is so good to us, and we're so grateful for everyone that came out.
Oh, He said you can talk about it.
He said, 'Brandon, what you provided with that man that we caught today in Texas?
' You have the picture of the terrorist guy that was in Fort Worth, Texas.
He said you can talk about that real quick, son.
Bring that out.
See, that's the man.
We caught him.
He gave himself up, folks.
He wanted to hurt the people in Fort Worth today, but he didn't do it.
He chattered too much.
I told you we call for confusion in the enemy's camp, and look what happened today.
I believe that's a result of prayer.
He was from Afghanistan, too.
All glory to Jesus for catching that man.
Prayer works and it should encourage you today.
I won't play it because the presence of the Lord is so strong here, but I wanted you to see.
I'm not going to be dishonorable to our Father, but He said we could show you.
Look at what happened, folks.
Prayer works.
All glory to Jesus.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love.
Hallelujah.
Thank you for joining us.
If you're new here, please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
It really helps us with the algorithm.
We appreciate every single one of you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
We have prayer usually on Sunday nights, but we might not do tomorrow.
I just see how things go.
I feel like we pushed a lot tonight.
Glory to God.
Thank you for being here.
We love every single one of you.
Thank you for all your kindness to my family.
We so appreciate you.
It's a blessing.
I just wanted to say thank you; you are amazing.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.